I know I usually talk about marketing
stuff, but today I'm going to talk about
something a little weird.
These these signs over here, this is a
trans pride flag and my uh my black
lives matter sign. I actually get a lot
of comments about them, especially when
I appear on someone's, you know, YouTube
channel or their podcast. They seem in
the background
and the the questions range from why do
you still have those up? whatever the US
elections passed or the Black Lives
Matter movement was a long time ago. To
which my response is, did these issues
stop mattering since then? Um, but but
also I want to bring up two points that
might be salient to you even if you
vehemently disagree and hate everything
that I and these these messages stand
for, which is that having these
perspectives, being
whatever engaged uh on cultural and
social and moral and ethical issues,
even political issues can be really good
for your brand and really good for your
personal personal and professional life.
That might sound odd. It might seem to
you like, "No, no, Rand, the opposite is
true. Surely, if you put up a Black
Lives Matter sign behind you and a trans
pride flag and you know, people know
your politics, you'll turn off some of
your customers. Surely, you know,
whatever 47% of American voters will
come to Spark Toro and think, ah, I hate
them. I don't want to buy from them."
And I would say maybe maybe that's the
case. But what's more important
especially to a brand like ours and a
product like ours is that we build a
community of people who are like-minded
who care about the same things we do. So
that the product, the marketing, the
content that we make, the videos we
produce, the Spark Together event, you
know, that that we're doing in October
in Seattle, like all of those things fit
together with our broader ideology about
what the world of marketing and the
world of technology and the broader
macroeconomic environment and the
broader social and cultural and
political environment, all those things
fit together really well. And when they
fit together really well, you find
things that that work. For example,
inside Spark Touros product, you will
not find uh race or sexual orientation.
This is demographic data that is
important to some brands, especially in
BTOC. We don't offer it because we know
that it is potentially ripe for abuse.
It's part of our commitment broadly to
fighting racial injustice and and
discrimination and bias. We we don't
believe in it. We don't provide that
data. Uh we also don't serve law
enforcement, right? If if someone from a
law enforcement agency tries to sign up
for Spark Toro, we cancel their
subscription, refund them, apologize,
basically say no. I think it's only
happened once or twice ever, right? So
look, this stuff, whether we're talking
about politics stuff, social stuff,
cultural stuff, product positioning,
marketing, it all serves two purposes.
One of which is obvious, which is
attracting the right people, right? It's
people would say, "Well, it's great that
you can attract people who are
like-minded, but it's bad that you're
going to turn off people who aren't."
And that's the second one. I disagree. I
think that it is actually wonderful to
turn off people who are wrong fits for
your brand. People who, for example,
might get very frustrated that we don't
offer uh sexual orientation or uh uh
racial data in our demographics inside
the Sparro interface. And you know what?
It's great that we turn those folks off.
It's great that they don't come to us as
customers. It's great that they don't
come to our events. It's great that
they, you know, stay out of our LinkedIn
comments or or, you know, uh, Blue Sky
posts or threads post. That's actually a
wonderful thing. It it really removes a
lot of friction and frustration and um,
problems from from my life, from
Amanda's, from Casey's. It's it's a
wonderful thing to build a community of
people who know you, like you, trust
you, and are in your world. And it's
great to also be okay with turning off
some people. I have put this blog post
up because I wrote this years ago. This
is from three years ago. Uh, and it it
notes and talks about the superpower of
having a brand position that has
enemies, that has a bad guy, right? that
your brand takes a position for
something but also against something. I
bring it up today because I think it's
relevant to this topic and issue. And
yeah, maybe give it a read, give it a
think, and consider whether when you
have people on your podcast, your
YouTube channel, when you're posting on
your social media, when you're posting
on your blog, when you're talking about
your company values, maybe it's okay to
turn off some people and activate the
right